in as general and simple terms as
possible a very broad overview of what
you work on I tried to explain the
difference between theorems and theories
but theorem is proved in the context of
a theory and I think I'm inclined to
theories an example of someone who is
inclined to seer is your colleague
Andrew Wiles who he proved the theorem
yes yes but he proved the theorem in the
context modern number theory in other
contexts the real fair man it's the same
thing nonetheless while I was approached
it in the context of a very large theory
so my impulse is to I'm more attracted
by willy-nilly not by an any reflective
choice but just by the drift just by my
impulses this but in the movement of my
impulses to look for a theory that
usually at least one success because you
could never not never but it takes a
very long time to create a theory is not
the task of an individual unit think of
the difference between an architect and
the craftsman in the context of the past
yeah history of of constructions yeah
these two people and they play quite
different roles quite essential so the
architect was not responsible for the
decoration in the church or the statues
of the saints
but he was responsible for something
yeah there was beyond simply creating a
structure which would stand to create
something which would stand and
the other properties could be imposed
then we give somebody your studied
mathematics often now we learn about
numbers
1 2 3 4 5 and then 1/2 5 6 and so on but
then you want and and you tomorrow
either
we begin to accept there's no real
number what's a mathematician calls the
real number and you don't know whether
it's the same or different then the
numbers you have like you don't know
whether pi it applies it by it's a hard
thing to define now so you PI and then
you have 2 pi I but now if you're like
me you've never occurred to you why we
stopped there real number a why why did
we stop there
you know we're surrounded that yeah we
should stop there mm-hmm there's no
reason when you start to work with
numbers to think with a + bi and then
calculate an integral we're going to
have some other kind of number and are
going to have an equation with come then
we can start to think of a polynomial or
something with complex coefficients then
the cereals or even some more
complicated function like cosine and so
on and we're going to look at it Cyril
and and we should go up and up and up
and up we don't
it was very very late in my life what
and what have recomment this was a fact
that governs the my people mathematician
and that I had this was an ancient man
when I when it occurred to me that this
might have been otherwise
so we have a theory of complex numbers I
saw this ooh so there's a theory which
is relatively simple and you have it
both